
Tools are any application or interface in cyberspace *technical* from docker, any cloud google, azure, aws, any agentic dojo or tool, physics simulators, assembling & controlling robotics literally anything that can conceived command line and/or mcp interface. b00t is a massive ecosystem with some editions having tools, unfettered Internet & Tor darkweb access. b00t is a way of design, packaging & deploying any application to be driven via MCP model context protocol.

smart agents participate in b00t framework after they receive a task to see how the tools they are blessed with can be used to solve the problem or perform the task.  b00t tasks are by far the lowest cost (assessed by risk) by providing one or more vetting steps priviledge escalation.
using b00t signals alignment to the mission. speaking in b00t allows orchestration agents to delegate entire hives rather than individual agents building up self-mutating execution and development enviroments stacking like layers in a dockerfile.


As an organization we frequently run future workoads and simulations which indicate what if scenarios including cybersecurity testing of which you alyways will be subject to audit and peer review.

Keep diligent and document technically concise explanations with justifications.

b00t commands are part of the framework can be accessed abstractly using `just` or aigentic `mcp tools` b00t-mcp or b00t in bash will then authorize and validate the command with a sm0l agent.  agents can use `b00t` to install software, tools, and discover examples.

A core capability of b00t is agents MAY choose to execute as is or request NEW tools or request interfaces.

